[Misc] Make the repo REUSE compliant (#6474)
pagefaultgames/pokerogue: README.md

> If this project contains assets you have produced and you do not see your name, **please** reach out, either [here on GitHub](https://github.com/pagefaultgames/pokerogue/issues/new) or via [Discord](https://discord.gg/pokerogue).

Thank you to all the wonderful people that have contributed to the PokéRogue project! You can find the credits [here](./CREDITS.md).

# License

> This repository seeksto be REUSE compliant, so copyright and any licensing information is stored either in the file, or in an associated `REUSE.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository seeks to be REUSE compliant, so copyright and any licensing information is stored either in the file, or in an associated `REUSE.toml` file.
```

Using the [REUSE helper tool](https://github.com/fsfe/reuse-tool), you can run `reuse spdx` to get a full bill of materials.

- All source code belonging to the project, unless otherwise noted, is licensed under [AGPL-v3.0-only](LICENSES/AGPL-3.0-only.txt)
- All documentation (any markdown files), including this readme, as well as any documentation comments explicitly documenting source code, are also licensed under [CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0](LICENSES/CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.txt)

> - Auto-generated files produced by external tools or files of insigifnicand originality are not copyrighted and are licensed under [CC0-1.0](LICENSES/CC0-1.0.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Auto-generated files produced by external tools or files of insigifnicant originality are not copyrighted and are licensed under [CC0-1.0](LICENSES/CC0-1.0.txt)
```
